Last time
Did you take me to the hospital?
It was you who moved first
It's not that you bit me first before I moved my hand
That was him?
Those previous words were said when my brain was spinning
I know now that I was wrong, really.
You can't just because I've been stupid before
I'm sentenced to death, right?
What I said last time
Are you sincere?
It's all true.
If I'm lying, I gain 5kg
Hey
Ye Nanheng, I find you so nice
I like you more and more
Can you be serious?
I'm saying it from the bottom of my heart
Last time
Why do you want to live in my house?
Ah!
My mom is away on a business trip and I'm scared alone
I'm just saying it casually, don't take it seriously.
If no one is home
Would you like to come over for dinner?
I can go if I want.
I would love it.
Wow
What a considerate man
If you are really afraid and don't dislike my family
Can you stay at my house?
Forget it. Forget it.
I was kidding.
How awkward it is to live in someone else's house
Thanks.
Host, how many people are there in your house?
Friendly reminder
The driver of the car you are sitting in now
With those people
What did you just say?
Next time, when I get tired of it, I'll pack it up.
Does it take time to load data?
OK
master
Why don't you stop for a second? I want to get some roasted chestnuts.
Thank you.
Everyone wants you to come out